Do all of the items below and submit a text file created with the IDLE editor 
(or other editor) with the extension .py via Canvas. If you run into a problem, 
post to Canvas weekly discussions describing where you ran into trouble or email 
your instructor or classroom assistant, or ask your question during recitation 
hours. If you know the answer to someone’s question, consider posting a response 
in the Canvas weekly discussions. This is a great way to enhance your participation 
and understanding.

    Read Chapter 5 (Conditionals and Recursion) in the textbook. You may skip the 
    following sections: Recursion, Stack Diagrams for Recursive Functions, and Infinite Recursion.
    In the Python editor IDLE (or other editor), create and save a Python file that 
    is named, if your name is Harry Houdini, for example, py and begins with a comment 
    containing your name, class and section, the posting date and number of the homework assignment.

    Write Python code that does the following:
        Assigns the values 3, 4 and 5 to the variables a, b and c, respectively.
        Write an if statement that prints “OK” if a is less than b
        Write an if statement that prints “OK” if c is less than b
        Write an if statement that prints “OK” if the sum of a and b is equal 
        to c
        Write an if statement that prints “OK” if the sum of a squared and b 
        squared equals c squared.
    Repeat the previous problem with the additional requirement that “NOT OK” 
    is printed if the condition is false.

    If you are given three sticks, you may or may not be able to arrange them 
    in a triangle. For example, if one of the sticks is 12 inches long and the 
    other two are one inch long, you will not be able to get the short sticks 
    to meet in the middle. For any three lengths, there is a simple test to 
    see if it is possible to form a triangle: If any of the three lengths is 
    greater than the sum of the other two, then you cannot form a triangle. 
    Otherwise, you can. (If the sum of two lengths equals the third, they 
    form what is called a “degenerate” triangle.)
    Write a program that prompts the user to input three stick lengths and 
    prints to the screen whether you can or cannot form a triangle from these 
    sticks. The message should specify when a degenerate triangle is formed.
    The following are three examples of program input/output:

Enter the lengths of three sticks:
Length of the first stick: 3
Length of the second stick: 4
Length of the third stick: 5
The sticks can form a triangle.

Enter the lengths of three sticks:
Length of the first stick: 1
Length of the second stick: 2
Length of the third stick: 3
The sticks form a degenerate triangle.

Enter the lengths of three sticks:
Length of the first stick: 3
Length of the second stick: 2
Length of the third stick: 7
The sticks cannot form a triangle.